welcome back to the stream baseball
video sessions my name is Wilson Burwell
today were going to be talking about a
little bit of fielding getting around
the ball giving you the best angle so
you can see the true hops and getting
through the ball going to first base
okay like I said today we're going to
talk about getting around the baseball
this is just a routine ground ball we're
talking about okay but first we're going
to get sent good athletic position get
ready for the ball as the pitcher winds
up and goes towards home in a category
can and be in this position right before
context now we're ready to go either way
we need to go great and pounce on the
ball now to practice this drill put a
ball in front of you at first this is
something that's new to you what you can
do like I said I'd like you're being
thrown three min now treat them reach
the ground bone come in build it and
practice getting through the fall
again what you're going to do is set
they just drawn now all get outside of
it now you're you're part of it here
just just left of center field it get
through the ball now a better way to do
this you somebody to roll it to you so
I'm having rollin to me now again you're
gonna do the same stuff okay you can
just get ready Chris being thrown come
off get outside of it okay one more here
outside you throw it
ok this is wrong get ready outside ball
way back through it go to first one more
haha
go to first okay that should show you
how to get around the ball a little bit
you can work on it in your backyard and
you actually do it inside your house if
you want to you'll need that much room
now what is going to allow you to do is
get outside the ball and see the hops is
this coming to you had a lot of times
the routine play is usually the toughest
because people don't get around it and
let it come to on the step going to get
it and getting around and getting
through it come see us at extreme
baseball org or if you have any
questions email us at info at extreme
baseball org and we look forward to
hearing from you my name is Wilson
borough ll see you soon
you